# 2023 Year in Review

Living Knowledge

Developed familiarity with statistics/ML concepts like TFIDF, naive bayes, cross validation, various distance algorithms, etc.
Developed familiarity with LangChain, Jupyter notebooks, keras, tensorflow, pgvector and tsvector.
Work with GPT3/4 extensively; specifically focusing towards PDFs, fuzzy matching, semantic search.
Developed familiarity with Gradio for building quick interfaces.

Conductor

In-depth infrastructure budgetting required for research grant application, which entailed creating detailed cost estimates and infrastructure plans for different scales of operations including different GCP services, third-party services like Twilio, Mailgun, etc.
Improved kubernetes resources' monitoring and consumption to shave hosting costs.
Improved overall GCP costs.
Improve project knowledge management via Coda.
Migrated Conductor to use Github Actions.
Figured out the adoption of pgbackrest across multiple databases to provision continuous backups as well as restoration.
Developed familiarity with Anaconda.
Improved various documentation artefacts like overall project README, contract testing, etc. to ease adoption across team.
Help out with day-to-day dev/production ops, new studies, and business requirements.

Cognitive reviewer

Drafted engineering spec for collecting User Feedback and later implemented the same.
Implement APIs with FastAPI.
Setup Python testing.
Implement features using React.
Developed familiarity with Vue and Poetry.

Broad LLM explorations

Explore various proprietary/OSS python/javascript SDKs/libraries that provision programmatic PDF text extraction and annotations, for e.g. PDFTron, mathpix, Adobe, etc.
Developed familiarity with firebase.
Test out different indexing/chunking strategies for optimising summarisation and QA tasks.
Developed in-depth familiarity with various MLOps suites/tools like that of Google, MLFlow, Weights and biases, Metaflow, etc.
Setup reusable and robust container for experiment tracking via MLFlow and SQLite.
Developed familiarity with OSS LLMs.
Developed familiarity with SLURM to operate Ava cluster.

Misc

Deployed multiple projects on kubernetes.
Automate HTTP SSL certificate rotation across multiple projects.
Deployed multiple projects on Github pages to save hosting costs while enabling faster automated deployments.
Setup a central infrastructure-as-code repository to manage multiple projects.